---
layout: post
title: "Currently, Year 3"
date: 2024-09-30
---

# Currently, Year 3

I'm hoping to use this page as a time capsule for my interests. Over the summer, I tried self-studying Latin, learned to cook, and worked my first real job in an office. 

Right now, at the start of junior year, I'm hoping to learn more about computational linguistics, global Anglophone literature, and the history of computing. 

It's strange to think that I've lived so far from my family for two years now. I was talking with my boss from the summer about how he used to make phone calls home to India when he was a student in the 80s, and I've been thinking about the history of international students ever since.
[Gregory James]([url](https://www.jstor.org/stable/41279032)) writes that there were students from the British West Indies, Canada and Mexico in the US by the 1780s, and that during the nineteenth century, the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions, encouraged many students from its missions in Asia to study abroad in the US. He also explains that by the end of the 1800s, a combination of a shift in missions' focuses to establishing higher education infrastructure in foreign countries and the rise of nationalism, these numbers dropped. However, Japan continued sending students to the US after the Meiji Restoration. I found this especially interesting because when I was doing my research on Min Jin Lee's Britannica biography over the summer, I learned that her husband's ancestor, Kabayama Subenori, had an adopted son who had studied abroad at Wesleyan University in the late 19th century. That biography is still forthcoming, but [my article on the White Terror in Taiwan]([url](https://www.britannica.com/event/White-Terror-Taiwan)) is now up on Britannica's site! 

In terms of school, I'm taking a class on medieval literature and I can already see its influence on my own writing. Kennings are so beautiful, and the way that Old English is constructed makes me want to learn the language. It's also fascinating to see just how much Tolkien has borrowed from this literary tradition. According to Tom Shippey, even the party's approach to Meduseld (Tolkien's interpretation of Heorot) mimics a scene in Beowulf. It feels like I'm combing through my childhood and seeing everything in a new light. I think it's so special to be able to look back on things you've loved for years with a new sense of wonder.
